Another chunk of documentation for beta-1 (#952)
apple/swift-distributed-actors: Sources/DistributedActors/DistributedActors.docc/Clustering.md

## Cluster Leadership

TODO: document leadership and Leadership changes.

## Actor Discovery: Receptionist

Discovering actors is an important aspect of distributed programming, as it is _the_ primary way we can discover actors on other nodes,
and communicate with them.

Distributed actors are not automatically advertised in the cluster, and must opt-in into discovery by checking-in with the system's local
receptionist. This is because not all distributed actors need to necessarily be discovered by _any_ other node in the cluster. 
Some distributed actors may only be handed out after authenticating who is trying to access them (and then still, they may perform
additional authentication for specific remote calls).

> Tip: The receptionist pattern is called "receptionist", because similar to a hotel, actors need to check-in at it in
> order to let others know they are available to meet now.
 
Checking-in with the receptionist is performed by calling ``DistributedReceptionist/checkIn(_:with:)`` and passing a 

> specific key; The key is useful for when the same types of actor, may want to perform different roles. For example, you may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific key. The key is useful for when the same type of actors may want to perform different roles. For example, you may
```
